stonefish we skip we got some baffling
gifts today well okay we might have
opened it it yeah it might be a little
bit open here cuz you didn't open it
well let's show that when we opened
first and then we'll explain like why we
opened the second one I am I ordered a
d/s case obviously for josh's yeah we've
been over that I've been waiting for it
to come so and we and remember we all
also ordered the Japanese ocarina of
time I got this box is there yeah we
thought that might be it even though it
says on the front what it actually is we
kind of doubted it at first yeah so I
open it up I'm like oh it's a 64
cartridge you're not concentrating I
opened up I'm like oh what why its soda
Japanese Majora's Mask yeah um thank you
I'll probably play through it um mainly
because this one actually kind of
diversion for this one actually kind of
isn't better than the English 1 i'm
tired i'm sorry i've a headache um
because you can't save a towel statues
you you just can't you oh yeah the only
way you can save is by going back in
time so and there's a back in time
counter on it so yeah without that in
the mail thank you for deliver
yeah just just to clarify we are not
like unappreciative for this it was just
surprising because we didn't order this
and it looked like something off of it
so somebody must have just put my
address in it so did somebody get this
for us or was it an ebay mistake we'll
find out in the comments I guess yeah so
anyway this thing yeah here's the other
thing we got we might have opened it
because we thought it might have been
the ocarina again yeah so even though it
says on the front yeah might have been a
mistake so anyway it's a playstation 2
thank you and it comes with a game that
looks like might be kind of interesting
that nobody's ever heard of unlimited
saga it's a square enix game yeah I'm
surprised rubber head part of it a man
bass fishing yes what everybody wants
play it late okay you know we'll have to
do a let's try every card which is
always good controller wires and and the
glorious thing about it it's so cute
it's a slim look at it it's like the
size of like a kindle they need a little
bit bigger but it's like adorable and
look look look huh well I'm focusing
more on the giant red stain on the wall
well don't look at that well I need a
magic eraser thank you very much the
sheets did I know we moved the bed our
red sheets made a stand on the wall I
have to get rid of it or painted over
it's not because of my house is dirty
okay wasn't saying it was people gonna
think that now I clean okay that just
was you know your them died on those
sheets these days
anyway thank you very much I know who it
is but I don't remember your name right
off the top of my head i'll put it in
our annotations at the bottom mom it's
from Magister Rex calm the most probably
the oddest name i've ever seen for a
gaming it is loud but anyway they sell
stuff go bye peace out yeah yes